nothing my friends can stop the tech
news not even my neighbor firing up his
chainsaw right as i'm about to get
started here
if you're one of the lucky gamers that
is currently in possession of a nintendo
switch seriously these things are going
for like 500 bucks now make sure you've
got two-factor authentication on your
nintendo account turned on there have
been lots of recent reports of
unexpected logins across the service
oftentimes from countries outside of the
user's home base which in this climate
i'm sure isn't you
over the weekend many people on twitter
and reddit started complaining about it
and seeing as many people have payment
accounts linked permanently you're
definitely going to want to check that
hackers haven't dipped into your credit
cards
or even worse messed with your cloud
saves for mario kart
can't even imagine facebook has released
an android app for their twitch-like
game streaming platform facebook gaming
what a creative name you'll be able to
watch live streams play facebook's
library of proprietary games and even
stream mobile game play yourself
rather surprisingly the app will not be
ad supported with facebook instead
selling their own version of twitch bits
called stars the whole idea is for
facebook to get more of a foothold in
the streaming world as it lags well
behind twitch and even youtube even
though facebook has gotten a few
big-name streamers to defect the app
goes live today and will only be
available to android users for now which
makes sense i guess sort of i mean apple
isn't exactly synonymous with gaming but
then again neither is facebook
the apple google rivalry has often been
characterized as one company trying to
copy something the other one is doing
and that certainly looks like the case
with the debit card google is developing
to compete with apple's credit card
similarly to apple you'll get a pay with
your phone option that will track
spending as well as virtual account
numbers for enhanced security of course
unlike apple's offering it's a debit
card so don't expect any buy now pay
later flexibility it's not clear yet
exactly what banks google will be
working with but there is one thing we
know for sure finding out how everyone
spends their money will be pretty close
to a literal gold mine of data for
google aside from that we can only hope
that the cards will be made of metal so
that we can all feel like big shots when
we slap down our debit cards to pay for
dinner
now it's time for the slick snips
brought to you by brilliant.org their
mission is to help people achieve their
learning goals so whether you're a
student a professor or just someone
who's stuck at home right now with
nothing to do
it's easy to get into brilliant they've
got interactive explorations and a
mobile app that you know what i mean hey
maybe why don't you check out the
calculus in a nutshell course learn the
language of change used by ecologists
urban planners physicists you know smart
people get smart too so check out that
course and many many others by going to
brilliant.org techlinked the first 200
people to do so are going to get 20 off
a premium subscription wow there's
really like a change of tone right in
the middle of that sponsor read good
writing riley oh yeah slick snips
if you're a windows insider you might
want to check and see if the may 2020
update is now available in your settings
app as it's being delivered to folks on
the program right now but if you're not
the update should start appearing on pc
soon enough there are lots of cool new
features on the way like updates to
cortana which i can't wait although rl
crime seems to actually be down a bit
due to the pandemic cyber crime is
unfortunately up and even governments
are falling victim as it appears a
fishing scheme cost one german state
tens of millions of euros that were
supposed to be for coronavirus relief so
as always guys be careful what you're
clicking on especially if it's a hot
zoom date that you met 10 minutes ago
cursed you lawn mower
amazon has started using thermal cameras
to take warehouse workers temperatures
instead of doing it the old-fashioned
way which is you know kind of hard to do
with six feet of separation
seems like a safe idea although now
amazon workers can add getting blasted
with infrared lasers to the long list of
crap that they have to deal with
seriously though amazon workers
thank you
and cyberpunk 2077 isn't due until
september but apparently you'll be able
to get your first taste of it in june as
a special cyberpunk 2077 edition of the
xbox one x will be coming out well
before the game's launch now obviously
the release of the new series x xbox
later in the year and also the fact that
you won't even be playing cyberpunk 2077
on this xbox you're buying right now
might give some people pause but you
know hey if you just like can't wait to
give out your money to get cyberpunk
branded stuff for some kind of instant
gratification i mean i won't judge you
we all have needs
like that lawnmower shutting up
and if you live in new york you can now
get married over zoom if you just can't
wait until the pandemic is over the
state governor has allowed clerks to
conduct marriage ceremonies via video
conference and you can even apply for a
marriage license from your home pc as
well it's funny how life always finds a
way to go on you just might have to
postpone the honeymoon hey
well that's it for today come back on
wednesday to spend more time with your
true love the tech news come on
[Music]